repetitions updates (#662)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/repetition.mdx

# How to evaluate with repetitions

> Running multiple [repetitions](../concepts#repetitions) can given a more accurate estimate of the performance of your system since LLM outputs are not deterministic and can differ from one repetition to the next. Repetitions are a way to reduce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running multiple [repetitions](../concepts#repetitions) can give a more accurate estimate of the performance of your system since LLM outputs are not deterministic. Outputs can differ from one repetition to the next. Repetitions are a way to reduce
```
